load poems/test4/test4
uppercase
make_it_friendlier
trimming
make_it_rhyme imperecheata
make_it_friendlier
uppercase
make_it_silly 0.7
print
make_it_friendlier
uppercase
make_it_rhyme incrucisata
make_it_silly 0.1
make_it_rhyme incrucisata
make_it_friendlier
print
trimming
make_it_friendlier
make_it_silly 0.5
print
make_it_rhyme incrucisata
make_it_silly 0.8
make_it_friendlier
uppercase
make_it_silly 0.5
make_it_friendlier
print
trimming
uppercase
print
trimming
uppercase
make_it_silly 0.0
uppercase
make_it_friendlier
print
trimming
make_it_friendlier
make_it_silly 0.9
print
trimming
make_it_silly 0.4
make_it_friendlier
uppercase
make_it_rhyme imbratisata
make_it_silly 0.3
uppercase
make_it_rhyme imbratisata
make_it_friendlier
trimming
print
uppercase
make_it_silly 0.3
make_it_friendlier
print
make_it_rhyme imbratisata
trimming
make_it_friendlier
print
make_it_silly 0.5
make_it_rhyme imbratisata
uppercase
make_it_silly 0.4
make_it_rhyme incrucisata
make_it_friendlier
print
make_it_rhyme imbratisata
make_it_silly 0.6
trimming
print
make_it_friendlier
make_it_rhyme imperecheata
trimming
uppercase
make_it_rhyme imperecheata
trimming
print
make_it_silly 0.8
make_it_friendlier
make_it_rhyme imbratisata
trimming
make_it_silly 0.3
trimming
make_it_rhyme imperecheata
uppercase
print
trimming
make_it_rhyme incrucisata
print
uppercase
make_it_silly 0.8
uppercase
make_it_friendlier
make_it_rhyme imbratisata
make_it_friendlier
print
uppercase
make_it_friendlier
trimming
uppercase
make_it_rhyme incrucisata
trimming
make_it_friendlier
make_it_silly 0.4
print
trimming
make_it_rhyme imbratisata
uppercase
make_it_silly 0.2
print
uppercase
trimming
print
make_it_silly 0.6
uppercase
make_it_friendlier
make_it_rhyme imperecheata
uppercase
make_it_friendlier
print
make_it_silly 0.7
make_it_friendlier
uppercase
print
make_it_friendlier
trimming
make_it_friendlier
uppercase
make_it_silly 0.1
print
trimming
make_it_rhyme incrucisata
make_it_friendlier
uppercase
trimming
make_it_rhyme imperecheata
make_it_friendlier
make_it_silly 0.9
make_it_silly 0.2
uppercase
make_it_rhyme imperecheata
trimming
make_it_rhyme incrucisata
make_it_silly 0.2
trimming
make_it_rhyme incrucisata
make_it_silly 0.3
print
make_it_silly 0.8
make_it_rhyme incrucisata
make_it_friendlier
trimming
uppercase
make_it_rhyme imbratisata
print
make_it_friendlier
make_it_rhyme imperecheata
trimming
print
make_it_silly 0.0
make_it_rhyme imperecheata
uppercase
make_it_friendlier
print
make_it_rhyme incrucisata
make_it_silly 0.8
trimming
make_it_rhyme incrucisata
uppercase
make_it_friendlier
print
make_it_rhyme imperecheata
uppercase
trimming
make_it_friendlier
print
make_it_rhyme incrucisata
make_it_friendlier
print
make_it_silly 0.9
uppercase
trimming
trimming
uppercase
make_it_silly 0.7
print
make_it_friendlier
trimming
make_it_silly 0.4
uppercase
make_it_rhyme imbratisata
print
quit